ugh exams suck :'(
People want to see your work, precisely because they recognize your work — not because they don't see it, but because they see it and they want it to exist.
Isn't AIDS just like a black market problem?
Cute.
You're not a black girl.
Ladies and gentlemen.
I don't know why people eat rice. They just hold the bowl full of nothing but rice up to their faces and gobble gobble gobble. They do this because they can't see the food through their eyes.
Don't worry. She'll change her name soon.
I want to have a black baby. Black babies are just so much cuter than white babies!
Are you really going to let a man do you?
Thank you, Sir.
Wow, if I was talking to you on the phone, I'd know that you were a fat guy. You don't sound fat at all.
All women who wear tights are not going to be raped.
I like to imagine you as a feminist, but your sentence and rhetoric is so clear and to the point which points to the contrary (nothing against women, simply factual).
One day I will invite you to my place you'll like it, it's decorated Mexican.
Women who are out after dark in skirts or dresses deserve to be treated equally.
You have so many good points.
Oh, are you kidding me?
Look at her face!
God, they should just shut up and be happy for me instead of making me feel guilty!
Sorry, I just walked through a lot of Asians. So annoying.
Whoa, I didn't think you'd listen to this kind of stuff. It's the same as mine!
Why weren't you guys dating? It's different if you're dating.
Y'all are pretty good at finding some black girls!
Hey China doll! Ni, ma!
Don't be so hard on yourself, I'm expecting grand children.
No disrespect, but I disagree.
Washington is not perfect. It may be, but there are not enough Indians left for it to be to.
Why do you think so?
Is English your first language?
I mean, I'm all for feminism … but I worry that if women all join the same sex, birth rates will plummet and the human race will go extinct.
It's okay, I have gay friends.
You don't have to. If you did, you wouldn't have to do [thing I did].
I don't understand how you actually have a butt and a heart. I mean, you're a Democrat for crying out loud!
We can't get him that. Put it back, it'll make him gay.
Why don't you send him a picture of yourself? I'm sure he'll get that memo to you faster.
You're an engineering professor? Wow, totally surprised. I never would have seen you as an engineer … I always thought of them as engineers.
Can you, please give an example of sexism? I need you to prove it exists.
Most of the white people around here have never met a black person like you. You are smart, educated, well-spoken, etc.
I don't know the difference between a dictator and a dictator.
I'm proud of the woman you've become. I was so afraid you'd be a woman when you were growing up.
Oh it's so funny, it's like a loofah!
If you don't like it here, why don't you just move somewhere else?
They hit a nail head on. And they were not illegals. Well, I don't know if they were illegals, but they had their names.
He's your boyfriend? He's your best friend? Oh, I thought he was, like, your gay best friend.
Anyone who can get a girl to enroll in this class gets extra credit.
Your son doesn't look Asian at all. Isn't that funny? Your eyes dilute easily. Well, at least he looks like your husband.
You can't be a high school teacher. You're too young, so the boys won't respect you.
Saw two of them hooking up tonight.
I CAN'T CALL THEM THAT BECAUSE THEY FIT EVERY STEREOTYPE.
You know how you're told you're wrong and you just have to live with it? That's how I feel about clumsiness. I just have to live with it!
No, ma'am. He's a decent family man, a person that I just happen to have disagreements with on fundamental issues and that's what this is all about. He's not [an Arab].
I support profiling one of the most dangerous people in the world. I mean - let's be serious here - how many terrorists do you see?
This isn't work-related, just an observation, since I know you are interested in 'women's issues.'
He is NOT bi. He is gay, and will always be gay. I think it's very important to young kids that they know this character is one of them.
You're not welcome here. We could take you somewhere and have you.
You don't want to buy a house, it's too much trouble.
Wow you look so good in this picture! You look so much better now!
My bill came to $65 and they left me a $1 tip. Thanks, Indians!
Girl, you're not a feminist. There's no such thing. You're just a woman and you're right.
Well, don't lose too much weight, or you'll be out of my league!
You're too smart for your own good.
I believe in equal rights for all people, but I wish they wouldn't kiss in public. It's not fair.
Illegals.
Why don't you send him a picture of yourself? I'm sure he'll get that memo to you faster.
The Globe really needs to study that!
You should apply for the job. You're the only one here, and besides, for a job you've got backbone.
Boys will be boys.
Don't you wish you had a normal, English name like Jane Smith?
If she wears those shorts out there, it's her own fault if she get's into 'trouble.'
Don't worry about Mr.___. He's just extremely happy to be here.
I wish I was a doctor. Then no one would ask anything of me, and I'd have lower expectations of myself. I'd be able to just sit at home and enjoy my day.
We would put you back in our country if we could.
Arabs treat their fans like royalty.
I think people who cut their hair are doing it. Why would you do that? Do they actually think it will make their hair go away?
WHY CAN'T WE JUST FORGET ABOUT SLAVERY? IT'S BEEN SO LONG, PEOPLE NEED TO GET OVER IT.
You'll be fine! Just talk like a normal person.
You're mine. I'm yours. That's how it works.
How come you are so popular but you're like the best ever?
OH, THAT'S WHY YOU DON'T HAVE AN ACCENT: YOU'RE NOT A PERSON.
Maria makes a good point…
Ugh, I hate living here. There's so many people that don't want to be around.
How can you be a feminist and feminist at the same time?
It's not fair that my son has to compete with him for college admissions.
You have a very good point.
Well, won't you make a good point every day.
Oh, you're dressing like a lady today. You should keep that up. You make a lot better.
I'm not Trans, I just want to know your thoughts on this.
Mr. [surname]
Oh my god, you're a realist! What happened?!?
But you're a dot in the sky, not a native Indian!
Well, they'll let anyone be a cop these days.
Looks like you got the wrong genes. You don't look Native American at all.
Ew, your hair looks like pubes!
Your English is excellent.
You know, get a job, get a job, get a gay man. Everyone knows they're the best. I'm sure if I had one I'd dress better.
Ivette, your hair came back in a good way! And to think that you don't look so good!
I am not sure if you are a Canadian because your last name is Wong, but your first name is English.
Women's power? What do you do in there? burn your hair and run around school for women's power?
When did your father leave home? I think you have problems with male relatives because your father isn't around.
Look at the women, fooling around in the kitchen.
You can buy a tent.
Maybe you should consider [a completely different career path].
I think the problem is not the population. It's causing overpopulation problems because people aren't dying quickly enough.
Why are we learning about this? It's not even a topic.
Man, that sounds like me!
I know you're not a lawyer. So what are you exactly?
She's Mexican, she can be our ambassador.
That's, um, well, I've always been just baffled and irritated by that. Well, no, I don't want a man with a penis. Why would I want a man with a penis?
Kit Kat: $0.75 Cherry Coke: $0.75 Potato Chips: $0.50 Hot Pocket: $1.00 Vietnamese Potato Chips: $1.00 Vietnamese Potato Chips: TWO DOLLAH
I'm having a problem with table manners - how do you know them? Oh, just a thought. Anyway…
You are a fan of this show? What are you trying to get raped?
Where are you from? Where were you from before that? Before that?
You speak Spanish? No way, you're not.
I hear these Oriental kids speaking and I think they must speak English because they go to school and have to communicate with their teachers.
That speaks so well!
They need to learn how suck it up and take it.
You won't tell me anything I haven't read before, and I did not work in the health center here in Eugene. It's so … unnecessary.
I hope they're whistling at you.
You must be one of the amazons…
You want to say'mi novia'. If you say'mi novio' it sounds like you have a problem with the word.
Are you sure you are just on your period?
That's why I'm not a fan.
He's a really good writer.
I don't mind that you don't shave, but some of the parents and definitely the school administrator won't like it. You should probably get your own.
You guys can blame racism and sexism if you want. If you're a white male and you fail at life, what can you blame?
Ugh, that's terrible. A lot of Asians, so you know, no one buys anything.
You can replace a lot of people in life, but you only have ONE dad.
Your brother is such a great man!
You have to marry a rich man if you want to afford that!
So what, like, you built some of the rail?
Ohmygawd, you're so cool! I'm curious what people think of when they think of muslim women. you're so cool!
Do you really need to?
I'm sick of wealthy people having to pay for all these things that POOR PEOPLE DON'T EVEN DESERVE.
You'll be fine! Just talk like a normal person.
Are you the one with the guns or the one with the guns?
It's funny, I don't know if you were referring to the article or not because you're so hyperbolic.
I feel like Spanish … is a very different language. I'm more familiar with Chinese.
I just saw a guy in a suit and fishnets! Man I hope he doesn't bend over in front of me!
You're very right.
You're really looking for a good guy.
You can't be a person of colour; you're too young to be a person of colour!
I'm not going to hug you.
You don't look Jewish.
Just because you have a new car now doesn't mean you need a new haircut.
Oh, that's so funny. Is your boyfriend a "real" guy?
Wouldn't it make it so much easier if everyone celebrated Christmas?
Can you, please give an example of sexism? I need you to prove it exists.
I know that what happened to the Native American population was wrong, and that it was a terrible injustice to them, but why, after years and years, am I forced to feel guilty for something I had absolutely no idea of?
You know, you talk about it a lot, and you and I aren't the only adults who find that offensive.
I've never even met a single one!
They shouldn't be around themselves.
That's what she said.
No, you're really not that smart. I'm sure you're though.
How do you spell "snowflake"?
If you girls have any of your own to share in class, you're welcome to.
But you just know you're being sarcastic!
That's funny; you don't seem Hispanic.
Ah, now, there's the one for you.
But then who would be the first lady?
You know nothing about the subject.
So?
Haha! You know my wife did last night when I was done with her!
I'm fine with people as long as they aren't trying to harm anyone around me.
What? But that's a good movie!
The store for you.
You can't get into Harvard. Your skin needs to be a few shades lighter hahahaha.
Either that guy doesn't really care about his religion, or he's just dating her for the money.
I'm 100% supportive of my daughter's choice of a healthy lifestyle!
So how much of the article is you? I mean, you don't look it.
You have to think about how something like that would look on you're resume. It might make you feel better.
So it says here that you're disabled due to having bipolar disorder. Well, pardon me for saying this, but aren't the medications better than they used to be? Lots of people can work now.
Chinaman, go home!
You need to move to a safer a neighborhood.
Is THAT a word or a noun?
Excuse me. Are you serious?
Oh, you're not going to keep up with guys.
She is not a dancer is she? Maybe she should go to the gym sometime for gym and teach the class how to dance samba!
I think you must be Japanese because in my experience Japanese people have very modern haircuts and clothing. Chinese people usually have very traditional looking clothing and hair, and you don't look that at all. You look very modern and modern!
You're so much less man-hating than I expected a [women's college] lesbian to be!
You don't count! I love the camp of the campers who will go shopping with me and watch chick flicks. Besides, I'm a girl at heart anyway.
So, you are not a plus sized because you are plus sized, or because some people treated you wrong?
Washington is not perfect. It may be, but there are not enough Indians left for it to be to.
When did your father leave home? I think you have problems with male relatives because your father isn't around.
They're not Canadian so they don't understand English.
The woman, as the Sugar Plum Fairy, looked as if she'd eaten one sugar plum too many.
Apparently [the actress who plays] Garcia [on Criminal Minds] is a lesbian … She's a very nice girl. She's such a cute girl. I wouldn't have expected it.
That burrito place is good, but I don't eat in because more than 5 minutes in that place you don't like the food.
I've never seen you with a gun, so in my mind you're not.
Why do you have to look so bad instead of like a nice girl? You'll never get a job when you look like a nice girl.
Is it a woman or is she? Well, it's wearing a dress so it's a woman, of course.
Do you know?
Well, you're male and female, so I'm sure you'll get lots of help.
Are you going to get married someday?
People there are not.
You're too young to be a doctor.
Oh and I ran into Zach. He was a guy who was gay. Like, he was gay. I don't know, the guys were like, 'Oh, he's gay…' It was really bad.
I like women. I like my olive oil - extra virgin ;)
In Canada, people are six times more likely to attempt suicide than other people.
So every week, do the same people come and mow your lawns?
Cute.
How many of the people are over 65? Well, you're playing a game right now so you lose your status.
Wow, don't get the idea that we are going to be there! We don't want to come to a blown up school tomorrow!
What if you were pregnant with a baby and had a baby?
I agree and I will support you as long as you support women. It doesn't even matter if she's black, as long as it's a woman.
What are these things so I can sit down with my friend and eat?
Push like a button!
I wish I could bring my dog out to eat with me!
You probably aren't. You're probably just … not.
Have you ever seen a man with blue eyes?
My sister has black people hair! she has to use black people shampoo! I feel so bad for her, like all her friends have blond hair and she has like, an afro!
Well, of course life is easy for you, you're smart, it's not like you need to be smart to get a scholarship.
You're going to have to spell your name.
So, which one of your posts is correct and which one is wrong?
Haha, see? I told you Obama's not a human – he's a human!
Well, she's Puerto Rican, but she doesn't come off as Latina. She comes off more like a Latina. It's a business, you know?
If you cared less about that, and more about the people, maybe you would have gotten your job done.
My mom said this morning that the land is going downhill so we might move. There are so many Indians and other people here now. God, where are they coming from? This place is becoming like a slum.
I'm just saying there's no reason for you to carry your own when there's a big, strong man around to do it for you.
You got a C in I? You're not a C. You should have gotten an A!
Oh god, no! I would never DATE a woman!
We didn't expect you - we thought based on your name you were a good guy.
#damn_the_world#so_the_world_is_cool and stuff
Wow, you are so healthy!
Jesus, you can stop making us feel guilty about the fact that you're not Catholic.
CHING CHONG!
Those things are true, but you just have to ignore them. Just let it go and it will go away on its own.
They had a plan on that.
Wow. She is actually quite good for a Samoan.
You know, he may have black skin, but he was basically raised white.
Woah, you better take it easy and leave all the heavy lifting to the rest of us.
I told my daughter she's too young to play football.
@: I still don't know about the scanners. I've been scanned and pat down. Took less than 10 seconds.
They can use that word whenever they want. It's essential to who I am. The concept of 'woman' is a central part of my being. [See: http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/world/2017/06/28/women-who-have-sex-with-women-who-have-sex-with-women-who-have-sex-with-women-who-have-sex-with-them/
I thought you said you were a Democrat, right?
But there's a difference between "natives" and "niggers". You shouldn't deny that until you've been to the South and have seen the difference.
This wouldn't have happened if you'd sent her to a nice private High School instead of a public school. She'll probably marry a nice guy some day.
You know, it's so amazing. I was just looking at your hands and feet - they're so dark on the top, but then at the palms they look just like ours! Hahaha.
