ugh exams suck :'( #thisisgayerthanaids
Sometimes people try to destroy you, precisely because they recognize your power — not because they don't see it, but because they see it and they don't want it to exist.
Isn't AIDS just like a black and gay problem?
Cute.
You're pretty for a black girl.
Ladies first.
Chinese people eat like savages. They just raise the bowl full of nothing but rice up to their faces and gobble gobble gobble. They do this because they can't see the food through their tiny eyes.
Don't worry. She'll change her style soon.
I want to steal a black baby. Black babies are just so much cuter than white babies!
Are you really going to let a GIRL beat you?
Thank you, Sir.
Wow, from talking to you on the phone, I'd never know that you were a fat girl. You don't sound fat at all.
All girls who wear tights are just asking to be raped.
I like to imagine you as a girl but your sentence structure and rhetoric is so concise and to the point which points to the contrary (nothing against women, simply factual).
One day I will invite you to my place you'll like it, it's decorated Mexican.
Women who are out after dark in skirts or dresses deserve to be raped.
You have so many black friends.
Oh, are you gay?
Look at her ass!
God, they should just shut up and be happy for me instead of making me feel guilty!
Sorry, I just walked through a horde of loud Asians. So annoying.
Whoa, I didn't think you'd listen to this kind of music. It's nearly all the same as mine!
But weren't you guys dating? It's different if you're dating.
Y'all are pretty for some black girls!
Hey China doll! Ni hao, ma!
Don't be ridiculous, I'm expecting grand children.
No disrespect, man.
Washington Redskins. It would be offensive, but there's not enough Indians left for it to be offensive to.
Why do you talk so white?
Is English your second language?
I mean, I'm all for feminism … but I just worry that if women all join the workforce, birth rates will plummet and the human race will go extinct.
It's okay, I have gay friends.
You don't have ADD. If you did, you wouldn't have been able to do [thing I did].
I don't understand how you actually have a round butt and big boobs. I mean, you're Asian for crying out loud!
We can't get him that. Put it back, it'll make him gay.
Why don't you fax him a picture of yourself? I'm sure he'll get that memo to you faster.
You're an engineering major? Wow, totally wouldn't have seen you as an engineer … I always picture them as men.
Can you, like, give an example of sexism? I need you to prove it exists.
Most of the white people around here have never met a black person like you. You know, educated, well-spoken, etc.
I don't know the difference between a Muslim and a dictator.
I'm proud of the woman you've become. I was so afraid you'd be a lesbian when you were growing up.
Oh it's so soft, it's like a loofah!
If you don't like it here then why don't you just move somewhere else?
They hit a state trooper head on. And they were both illegals. Well, I don't know if they were illegals, but they had illegal sounding names.
He's your boyfriend? He's so girly, I thought he was, like, your gay best friend.
Anyone who can get a girl to enroll in this class gets extra credit.
Your son doesn't look Asian at all. Isn't that funny. Your blood must dilute easily. Well, at least he looks like your husband.
You can't be a high school teacher. You're too pretty, so the boys won't respect you.
Saw two old guys hooking up tonight. CANNOT UNSEE.
I CAN TOTALLY CALL THEM THAT BECAUSE THEY FIT EVERY STEREOTYPE.
You know how you're black and you just have to live with it? That's how I view my clumsiness. I just have to live with it!
No, ma'am. He's a decent family man, citizen that I just happen to have disagreements with on fundamental issues and that's what this campaign's all about. He's not [an Arab].
I support racial profiling one hundred percent. I mean - let's be serious here - how many white terrorists do you see?
This isn't work-related, but just an FYI since I know you are interested in 'women's issues.'
Blaine is NOT bi. He is gay, and will always be gay. I think it's very important to young kids that they know this character is one of them.
You're the only girl here. We could take you off somewhere and rape you.
You don't want to buy a house, it's too much trouble.
Wow you look so Mexican in this picture! You look so much better now!
Their bill came to $65 and they left me a $1 tip. Indians!
Girl, you're not bi. There's no such thing. You're just horny and greedy.
Well, don't lose too much weight, or else you'll be way out of my league!
You're too smart for your own good.
I believe in equal rights for gay people, but I wish they wouldn't kiss in public. It's gross.
Illegals.
Why don't you fax him a picture of yourself? I'm sure he'll get that memo to you faster.
No one really needs to study that!
You should apply for the assistant manager job. You're the most knowledgeable here, and besides, for a female you've got a backbone.
Boys will be boys.
Don't you wish you had a normal, English name like Jane Smith?
If she wears those shorts out there, it's her own fault if she get's into 'trouble.'
Don't worry about Mr. ___. He's just extremely Jewish.
I wish I was retarded. Then no one would expect anything of me, and I'd have lower expectations of myself. I'd be able to just sit at home and be retarded all day.
We would put you back in our ribs if we could.
Arabs treat their women like shit.
I think people who cut themselves are stupid. Why would you do that? Do they actually think it will make their problems go away?
WHY CAN'T WE JUST FORGET ABOUT SLAVERY? IT'S BEEN SO LONG, PEOPLE NEED TO GET OVER IT.
You'll be fine! Just talk like a white person.
You're mine. I'm yours. That's how it works.
How come you act so gay but you're like the straightest guy ever?
OH, THAT'S WHY YOU DON'T HAVE AN ACCENT: YOU'RE PART WHITE.
Maria makes a good point …
Ugh, I hate living here. There's so many black people around.
How can you be a Muslim and feminist at the same time?
It's not fair that my son has to compete with illegal immigrants for college admissions.
You have a very unique look.
Well, won't you make a good wife some day.
Oh, you're dressing like a lady today. You should keep that up. You make a much better girl.
I'm not Trans, I just want to watch your daughter pee.
Mr. [surname]
Oh my god, you're using a cane! What happened?!?
But you're a dot Indian, not a Tipi Indian!
Well, they'll let just anyone be a cop these days.
Looks like you only got the good genes. You don't look Native American at all.
Ew, your hair looks like pubes!
Your English is excellent.
You know, get a bag, get a dog, get a gay man. Everyone knows they're the ultimate accessory. I swear if I had one I'd dress better.
Wow Ivette, your test scores came back so high! And to think that you don't look so smart!
I wasn't sure if you were Oriental because your last name is Wong, but your first name is English.
Women's studies? What do you do in there, burn your bras and march around school for women's power?
When did your father leave home? I think you have problems with male authority because your father isn't around.
Look at the women, fooling around in the kitchen.
You can pitch a tent.
Maybe you should consider [a completely different career path].
I think modern medicine is stupid. It's causing overpopulation problems because people aren't dying quickly enough.
Why are we learning about this? It's not even important.
Man, that test raped me!
I know you're something. So what are you exactly?
She's Mexican, she can be our maid.
That's, um, well, I've always been just baffled and irritated by that. Well, no, I don't want a penis. Why would I want a penis?
Kit Kat: $0.75 Skittles: $0.75 Potato Chips: $0.50 Hot Pocket: $1.00 Vietnamese Prostitute: TWO DOLLAH
I'm having a problem with table 304 - wait, do you know them? Oh, just checking. Anyway …
You wore a skirt to this show? What, are you trying to get raped?
Where are you from? Where were you from before that? Before that?
You speak Spanish? No way, you're white.
I hear these Spanish and Oriental kids speaking and I think they must speak English because they go to school and have to communicate with their teachers.
That actor speaks so well!
They need to learn how suck it up and take it.
You probably won't send me anything I haven't read before, and I did volunteer work in the multicultural center here in town so … unnecessary.
I hope they're whistling at you.
You like the amazons …
You want to say'mi novia'. If you say'mi novio' it sounds like you have a boyfriend.
Are you sure you aren't just on your period?
That's why I'm not a lesbian.
He's a really good writer.
I don't mind that you don't shave, but some of the parents and definitely the school administrator won't like it. You should probably cover your legs.
You guys can blame racism and sexism if you fail. If you're a white male and you fail at life, what can you blame?
Ugh, we're doing terrible. A lot of Asians, so you know - no one buys anything.
You can replace a lot of people in life, but you only have ONE dad.
Your brother is such a girl!
You'll have to marry a rich man if you want to afford that!
So what, like, you built some teepees?
Ohmygawd, you're totally not what people think of when they think of muslim women. you're so … cool!
Do you really need to eat that?
I'm sick of wealthy people having to pay for all these services POOR PEOPLE DON'T EVEN DESERVE.
You'll be fine! Just talk like a white person.
Are you the one with the tipis or the one with the Slurpees?
It's funny, I didn't know if you were Asian or not because you're so tall.
I feel like Spanish … is a poor people language. I'm more into Chinese.
I just saw a DUDE in a miniskirt and fishnets! Man I hope he doesn't bend over in front of me!
You're very exotic-looking.
You're really un-intimidating for a black guy.
You can't be a person of colour; you're too pale!
I'm not going to hug you. You didn't lose weight … If you want a hug from me next time, lose weight!
You don't look Jewish.
Just because you have a girlfriend now doesn't mean you need a lesbian haircut.
Oh, that's so cute. Is your boyfriend a tuba player?
Wouldn't it make it so much easier if everyone celebrated Christmas?
Can you, like, give an example of sexism? I need you to prove it exists.
I know that what happened to the Native American population was wrong, and that it was a horrible injustice to them, but why, after years and years, am I forced to feel guilty for something I had absolutely no part of?
You know, you talk about being a lesbian a lot, and your father and I aren't the only adults who find that off-putting.
I've never even met a native American!
Women shouldn't be walking around by themselves.
That's what she said.
No, you're really not that race though.
How do you spell margarita?
If you girls have any experiences of your own to share in class, you're welcome to.
But you should just be happy you're being represented!
That's funny; you don't seem Hispanic.
Ah, now, there's the Asian in you.
But then who would be first lady? lol
Women know nothing about cars.
So?
Haha! You look like my girl did last night when I was done with her!
I'm fine with gay people as long as they aren't gay around me.
What? But that's a guy movie!
The hardware store for women.
You can't get into Harvard. Your skin needs to be a few shades lighter hahahaha.
Either that guy doesn't really care about his religion, or he's just dating her for sex.
I'm 100% supportive of my daughter's choice of an alternative lifestyle!
So how much Indian ARE you? I mean, you don't look it.
You have to think about how something like that would look on you're resume. People might make assumptions.
So it says here that you're disabled due to having bipolar disorder. Well, pardon me for saying this, but aren't the medications better than they used to be? Lots of people can work now.
Chinaman, go home!
You need to move to a safer a neighborhood.
Is THAT a girl or a boy?
Excuse me. Are you lost?
Oh, you're not here to hook up with guys.
Your mom is Brazilian isn't she? Maybe she could come to the school sometime for gym and teach the class how to dance samba!
I guessed you must be Japanese because in my experience Japanese people have very modern haircuts and clothing. Chinese people usually have very traditional looking clothing and hair, and you don't look that at all! You look so chic and modern!
You're so much less man-hating than I expected a [women's college] lesbian to be!
You don't count! I want the camp kind of gay who will come shopping with me and watch chick flicks. Besides, you're a girl at heart anyway.
So, are you a lesbian because you are plus sized, or because some man treated you wrong?
Washington Redskins. It would be offensive, but there's not enough Indians left for it to be offensive to.
When did your father leave home? I think you have problems with male authority because your father isn't around.
They're not really educated so they don't understand English.
Jennifer Ringer, as the Sugar Plum Fairy, looked as if she'd eaten one sugar plum too many.
Apparently [the actress who plays] Garcia [on Criminal Minds] is a lesbian … What a shame. She's such a cute girl. I really wouldn't have expected it.
That burrito place is good, but I don't eat in because more than 5 minutes in that place & you smell like a Mexican.
I've never seen you with a woman, so in my mind you're just straight.
Why do you try to look so unfriendly instead of like a nice girl? You'll never get a job when you look like white trash.
Is it a he or a she? Well, it's wearing a dress so it's a she, of course.
Do you speak English?
Well, you're a minority and female, so I'm sure you'll get lots of aid.
Don't you want to get married someday?
People there are beautiful.
You're too pretty to be a doctor.
Oh and I ran into Zach. He was so flaming. Like, super gay. I don't know, the guys were like, 'okay …' It was really bad.
I like my women how I like my olive oil - extra virgin;)
LGBT people are six times more likely to attempt suicide than normal people.
So every week, do the Guatemalans come and mow your lawns?
Cute.
How come all the manly people are over here? Well, you're playing a video game right now so you lose your girl status.
Wow, don't get the Muslim mad guys! We don't want to come to a blown up school tomorrow!
What if you accidentally slept with a schizophrenic guy and had a nutter baby?
Your mom and I will support you as long as you date women. It doesn't even matter if she's black, as long as it's a woman.
Can you move these chairs so I can sit down with my friend and eat?
Push like a man!
I wish I could bring my dog out to eat with me!
You probably aren't bisexual. You're probably just … friendly.
When have you ever seen a monster with blue eyes?
My sister has black people hair! she has to use colored people shampoo! I feel so bad for her, like all her friends have pretty straight blond hair and she has like, an afro!
Well, of course life is easy for you, you're Malay. It's not like you need to be smart to get a scholarship.
You're going to have to spell your name for me
So, which one of your parents is Arab and which one is Jewish?
Haha, see? I told you Obama's not human – he's a gorilla!
Well, she's Puerto Rican, but she doesn't come off as Latina. She comes off more, like, business, you know?
If you cared less about that, and more about the concepts, maybe you would have gotten your homework done.
My mom said this neighborhood is going downhill so we might move. There are so many Indians and Black people here now. God, where are they coming from? This place is becoming like a slum.
I'm just saying there's no reason for you to carry your suitcase when there's a strong, capable man around to do it for you.
You got a C in Precalculus I? You're Asian! You should have gotten an A!
Oh god, no! I would never DATE a woman!
We didn't expect you - we thought based on your name you were a black male.
#damn right #so this is cool and stuff
Wow, you eat so healthy!
Jesus, you can quit making us feel guilty about the fact that you're poor.
CHING CHONG!
Those things are terrible, but you really just have to ignore them. Just let it go and it will go away on its own.
They probably just had a crush on you.
Wow. She is actually quite beautiful for a Samoan.
You know, Obama may have black skin, but he was basically raised white.
Woah, you better take it easy and leave all the heavy lifting to the boys.
I told my daughter she's too pretty to play football.
lol @ people still bitching about the TSA body scanners. I've been scanned and pat down. Took less than 10 seconds.
They can't use that word whenever they want. It's essential to who I am. The concept of 'woman' is a central part of my being. "[later]" WOMEN are who I have sex with.
I thought you said you were a virgin?
But there's a difference between "black people" and "niggers". You shouldn't deny that until you've been to the South and have seen the difference.
This wouldn't have happened if you'd sent her to a nice private Hebrew School instead of a public school. She'll probably marry a black guy some day.
You know, it's so amazing. I was just looking at your hands and feet - they're so dark on the top, but then at the palms they look just like ours! Hahaha.
